Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Ateeq Dean: Hello, good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right so set yourself up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someplace for the phone so that you're not holding it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so get in a note here. How are you feeling. Have you taken your dose yet. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what time your, your time.
Ateeq Dean: I took it yesterday at two, three o'clock.
Ateeq Dean: It was around that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: amor a subpoena. Yeah. Okay, so that was yesterday. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you going to take it you do try to take it at 2pm the same same time every day.
Ateeq Dean: Well, it just depends. Yesterday, they didn't have it in stock at Walgreens. So I have to wait a little longer.
Ateeq Dean: To get it.
Ateeq Dean: Usually out go by. I used to get it before 12 or right after 12 o'clock, but yesterday, just because it was delayed. I finally got around 230
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're waking up today or not waking up, you're getting off work. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, which did you start the, I think it was 575 or something like that yesterday or today when you're going to start that
Ateeq Dean: Show yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so we got that one.
Second, open up the note here a cheek joke.
To tease.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication with your sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Oh, it sounds like still room for improvement. Haha, yeah.
Ateeq Dean: I'm just
Ateeq Dean: This morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just unload a little bit so that you can hear yourself kind of get it all off your chest, what's going on.
Ateeq Dean: Well, it's just a last night when I went in last night was payday. So then when I got my paycheck. I get it straight direct deposit. So I noticed on missing a $600
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of money.
Ateeq Dean: Sure is. You know, so I don't know if the company I'm working for a silently shutting down without telling us what's going on.
You know,
Ateeq Dean: I don't really know what's going on. But yeah, it says, I called her and told her. Okay. Who are we both been stressed out with all that, you know, I'm the only one that's working.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you called who
Ateeq Dean: Called me sweetheart in Boulder.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what about your employer.
Ateeq Dean: Human Resources gets there at eight o'clock. Well, they're just there to all go once we're done here. I'm going to go over there and find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so antique
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You if this one falls apart. They'll you're, you're really good employee incredibly hardworking intelligent, you've got this charming personality. It's you're going to be okay. I know it seems scary.
Ateeq Dean: When I come home and then, you know, it's just she's stressed out. And then, oh I just feel like I don't want to be here either. You know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's easy to forget right the sweet things the good things when all we're feeling is pressure as if I might lose this job, or I don't have enough money or now I have to confront someone, and now I'm being criticized or something. It can feel pretty overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn some light on, just so that there's you're completely black right now because the window behind me, that's why. Yeah, we'll get a light in front of you on thinking, then we should be good to go.
Ateeq Dean: Little bit better
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's hear it. What is it, what is it,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your wife's name again.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tara yeah okay so you come home, you're already like 600
Ateeq Dean: Those are stressed out she's stressed out. Yeah, hasn't been sleeping right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on top. Yeah. So here's the thing, right. You've got to be able to say it, name it out loud. Together we haven't slept. We're going to be snippy short tempered and get pissed off at each other really easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to tiptoe around, let's not take anything personally
Gwenevere Abriel: This is no time to be right, talking about big plans. This is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Content content. Content. Can you get a bottle. Can you help me with this. Can you do this the answer. Yes. Now we don't talk about big stories from the past, we just kind of address things that are right in front of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but if one of you forgets that and takes it personally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is that what's happening. This morning where you guys in a row.
Ateeq Dean: Is to make sure the attitude this morning. So it's, I'm already pissed off.
So,
Ateeq Dean: I'm sure she's up. She's in the room over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do a little, a little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little conversation together to feel better this morning.
Ateeq Dean: I don't know. She's over there feeding the baby.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it would feel good to her and for your relationship to invite she can say yes, that's her choice. You decide.
Ateeq Dean: I just know like she didn't really sleep well she barely fell asleep for like three or four this morning. So the baby was crying. So she woke up to Peter
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Ateeq Dean: I just think she just really tired right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes we like to be invited. So that's like completely up to you know, Tara better than I do because I I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it sounds like you've made up your mind that you're going to not ask and assume that she would prefer to not talk. Okay, okay. I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a plan together for
Gwenevere Abriel: How to address the $600
Gwenevere Abriel: Besides that, right, that just happened today. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk me through LAST WEEKEND. WHAT WAS THE WEEKEND like
Ateeq Dean: A I've worked last Friday ended up going in. I'm usually on Friday and Saturday. Uh huh. The last week rules are bad, but I picked up my Friday. So I was really off one day.
Ateeq Dean: So that one day I was all Taya I went to my parents house. We went to the store we cut here at home. We weren't good, we're good. We made a
Ateeq Dean: Mashed potatoes. We made a
Ateeq Dean: macaroni and cheese and we made BBQ ribs. It was good. We got to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm noticing that you and I haven't done some of the sort of psycho therapeutic techniques for whatever reason, baby. I'm in withdrawal on talking with Tara. So let's do today and actually do some of the sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapeutic techniques that maybe you've missed out on. Okay, so let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about a little preparation first and resourcing
Gwenevere Abriel: I think in group, you may, you may have developed the
Gwenevere Abriel: Most
Gwenevere Abriel: The container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazon dropping something off.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: The. Can you remember the container that you may have developed. Okay, we'll do it. It takes just a second.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think of any. It can be a container and here are the constraints of it, the container is for your emotional stuff. So it has to be big enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong enough to hold all your stuff. Okay, can be as big or small made of whatever you want. So, kind of, what were some visualizations. You had a container for sort of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff that maybe you want to compartmentalize and maybe you don't want to address it right away, but we'll pick it up, you and I, safely together at another time. Okay, what comes up for you and your imagination.
Ateeq Dean: Does a lot of stuff that I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me tell you what a container is yeah that'd be the stuff that we go in it. So I'll give you an example of a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: One person did a jar. One person has done a train car, one person did a garbage can. One posted a wood box that was painted red with a lock on it. One person put us did a safe. So no or a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really puts up. So right now what I'm asking you to do is work the right side of your brain, which is your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. You're doing great. It's going to you're going to visualize a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be any size any shape but but the requirements of it are no deceit, you said, yeah, all that stress that's going on. We would basically be psychically putting it in there. But first we need to design the box in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So think about how big it would be, what is it, what's it made of
Ateeq Dean: I kind of had something similar to that that I've been kind of doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What, what was it,
Ateeq Dean: Oh, you remember I told you a while back, because I was going to the casino for a while there.
Ateeq Dean: And
Ateeq Dean: What I did was I just told myself that I was going to bury stuff like that so
Ateeq Dean: In my mind I mentally vision myself digging a hole. Okay, very good. All that money inside the dirt. So my mind. So it grows into like a little tree destroys uprooting itself.
Ateeq Dean: And so that's
The mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me that last part one more time.
Ateeq Dean: The last part two, where I buried the money the ground.
Ateeq Dean: Where it grows up to a little plant and starts going into a tree grows into a tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's nice. So you take money that you don't gamble, but instead you bury it.
Ateeq Dean: No, no, that I lost gambling. So I mentally told myself, I'm going to take that loss and just bury it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the last gets buried. Okay, so I see it now. So let's do this. Um, I like it. I do, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it for that. This one's going to be stress at work stress with Tara recovery that you and I will put away because we're putting it away temporarily
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we ran out of time together and we couldn't finish a technique. And so we might bring it out again and safely.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. He did it beautifully. That's a great I want to really want to sort of dive into that one later time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to picture a container that has a lead maybe that we can put stuff in and take back out, it will have a lock either combination key fingerprint lock. Use your imagination. What's something that you come up with
I love
Ateeq Dean: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, file cabinet. Yeah, like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is it locked
Ateeq Dean: It's got hand my hand on it and say, okay,
Ateeq Dean: Good. I
Ateeq Dean: Don't like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and only you have the code. Okay. For some people they give me the code to but you decide that. But for now, you have just become okay finger finger thumbprint code beautiful file cabinet and another one is going to be a distancing metaphor. So let me go over an example of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a distancing metaphor would be same kind of thing. Let's say we were doing an activity together and you are getting very distressed. You were pulling up a memory and you're working awareness in your consciousness. I asked you to pull it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst Picture, let's say, and you were holding it there and it was your body was starting to respond to your heart was racing your breath got shallow, you're like, Whoa, I'm just like, kind of freaking out here. So then I might say, let's take that thought and that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's put it on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And use a distancing metaphor. And this is what you're going to use again imagination. I'm going to give you some examples, but you come up with your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So I invite you to close your eyes and really try not to just take my examples, unless you fall in love with one of them. You're more than welcome to one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But see, if you come up with your own so distancing metaphor. Let's say it is I'm on the shore of the river bank and I'm with my T rex
Gwenevere Abriel: As a protective figure and I have my mom who's nurturing and I have my dad, who's wise and what I see passing down the river getting further and further away on a leaf is
Gwenevere Abriel: fear, uncertainty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unwanted
Gwenevere Abriel: I might see in a helium balloon floating further and further away into the atmosphere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncertainty the unknown. And now I can't see it anymore. I might on a train car load everything right on. I just need some distance from this and I see it moving.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I can't hear the train anymore, and it's now moved down the train tracks further and further away and then gone
Gwenevere Abriel: I might see a car passed by my left opposing lane and in my rearview mirror. I recognize that was my fear that was my uncertainty and now I look in the rearview mirror and I can't see it anymore. A distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find your own a tea, what comes up for you. What's a metaphor that's personal for you. That seems like, ooh, I'm gonna like this one.
Ateeq Dean: Distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just gave you some examples to do right
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, mine could be
Ateeq Dean: Like a comment. I will see in this slide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice a comment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see if this works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you going to get. So some people what they do is that they do a rocket ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets away fast. I noticed that your, your comment is moving extremely fast right
Gwenevere Abriel: But the thing, the mechanism that you have is, and you kind of did it within the earth to there's no container.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way to get it on there. I don't know how to get it on there. So that's not true. It's kind of like the leaf your own planet. I think I got it now. So you're on the planet. And on that comment is the distress. Right. It's just going further like really fast away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The comment passing by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. I just needed to think about that a little bit longer comet speeding body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Past. Right. Okay. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'll disappear quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's do. Are you talking right now using a phone or iPad.
Ateeq Dean: It's a laptop. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. Nope. Perfect, perfect, perfect. So want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: A technique with you today. That is, I may get to it depends on how far we get if I can get some target mapping done with you but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking I might do some MTR with you just to get a sense of your comfort level with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What end Arias, and I talked to you about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so am dr is
Gwenevere Abriel: It has the word I movement in it, but it doesn't require the bilateral stimulation of it movement, you will be today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I also if you were here in person, you would have little paddles and your hand and each one would be vibrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might also have on over your ears headphones, where there's a sound in each year. The key mechanism of impact and influence has to do with bilateral left right
Gwenevere Abriel: Hemispheres being activated. So what we can do in here because we've only got visual right I wasn't able to do the audio. I tried it didn't work is
Gwenevere Abriel: A blue light, that I'll share with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll do a quick test run a bit just to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: I because I'm going to share it with you. But first, I want you to watch my eyes.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what not to do. Notice how they're strained and they're pulling all the way over. That's too far. I would want to sit back, step back, I only want to do it like you want your eyes to look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how they're moving left and right, but they're not like this. See how strange that's too hard. You want to sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at left and right of the furthest corners of your nope for equate
Gwenevere Abriel: For this corners of your laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just left, right, left, right, just at the top there. That's about as much as we want your eyes. Now that doesn't strain on does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. That's what we want. Okay, so I'm going to show a light to this and we're not starting activity. This is me doing preparation, just to make sure every part of the
Gwenevere Abriel: This is working. Oops, I guess I don't haven't shared yet. My bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I want you to do is I'm going to try to watch your eyes just to see if they're moving left to right. So you want don't want to move your head, you just want to have the eyes land left and land right it's nice and slow right now. Sometimes it will be faster.
Ateeq Dean: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel your eyes moving left and right. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's great might have you move closer. When we do the activity that's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, sometimes it will be faster. Um, that's during the desensitization phase. So, this particular technique does
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of theories on what's actually the mechanism of change. The one I like the best. The one I think is actually happening is it's a combination of
Gwenevere Abriel: A distraction. That's what this light is doing and cognitive behavioral piece where you're going to hold a negative self appraisal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe online worthy and you might pull up an incident from childhood. My mother kept telling me you're an idiot. Right. And I can see her ugly angry face so you hold that hold this and we might do a really fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral stimulation and that would be to desensitize so there's a couple of things that are happening. One is in desensitization to that memory fragment that needs
Gwenevere Abriel: More consolidation and re learning and re imprinting. There's also embedding positive imagery. So remember those those images of protective got T rex and we've got nurturing and we've got wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to interweave positive stuff into otherwise negative networks. So it does a lot for people that have experienced trauma. It's the go to intervention for that. But it also can help with compulsive behaviors, right, because you've got some compulsive behaviors, maybe not sure
Gwenevere Abriel: The gambling has been a problem for you. And it's also can be useful about anxiety about the future, there can be triggers currently that come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Even in and of itself just embedding right installing those positive images more and more and more so that you can get to them faster, all the better. So it can be effective in that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sorry my ears are really bad today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what we're up to. I have your curiosity.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first I want to do a little bit you know how earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I started developing a subjective unit of distress, like I was plugging in a couple of things. We had the 50% from zero to 100 and I was like you said about a year ago, driving to work and the tires were getting balled, it was pouring
Gwenevere Abriel: car in front of me slammed on its brakes and I rear ended it. Right. You remember that as far as a distress level that was about a 50 from zero to 101 hundred was something like slamming hard and flying through the window. That was an actual car accident. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to think about an inner personal stressor. She to think about maybe one of the more difficult ones.
Ateeq Dean: Ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can sometimes they're around the people were with sometimes they're around our family of origin, oftentimes, you have a pretty tumultuous time
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have. That's what's neat about this particular intervention. If you don't want to tell me you don't have to. But if you want to I can make some notes and then I can bring us back to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't finish it today. So just now when I said inner personal and really distressing didn't you come up with a little story in your
Ateeq Dean: There was something tapped me last week, but there's also something that happened to me a few years back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the last week one, I will take it from there.
Ateeq Dean: I went to the small shop to buy a pack of cigarettes.
Ateeq Dean: And I was standing behind this guy in line, looking around the shop and stuff and ultimately the town like this, a hammer fell out of his pocket.
Ateeq Dean: And when I looked good, they hit the for our sound like a like a hammer, but then when I looked in to the hit the floor. It was a gun and it was putting right in my face.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I don't know if it was loaded to save people's on but it doesn't get my head blown off that day and I kind of went to work like thinking, Wow, I didn't even I thought it through. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you know if
Ateeq Dean: You die, you would
Ateeq Dean: You know, sounds like in my life that I die in my
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, like that. It was completed in for a couple hours. Oh lasted a couple hours at work. Okay.
Don't
Ateeq Dean: Mind is pretty high. Two Worlds feeling nauseated.
Gwenevere Abriel: My goodness. Okay. Somatic we've got nauseated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other physiological response.
Ateeq Dean: I got stressed out like depressed.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were depressed during work those first couple hours.
Ateeq Dean: I think from the stress.
Ateeq Dean: Is kind of one of those moments where I felt like, um, I could have just lost my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard to get to. So just take your time. Okay, just free associate and share what comes up. I felt like I could have lost just lost my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what is the belief about yourself. At that time I am what it's hard to get to go nice and slow.
Ateeq Dean: Hey, I'm alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. And is that a positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Cognition is not a positive one. I'm alive. Is that a positive one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now go back to, now you're going to work, feeling nauseous right and depressed. What was the belief about yourself.
Ateeq Dean: Um,
Ateeq Dean: The reason we're depressed me as if I would have got shot or if I would have died my daughter would have to grow up without me being a part of her life.
Depressed me
Gwenevere Abriel: So an incident happened a near miss, right, almost a fatal near miss happened and it stayed with you you projected into the future. The event was over.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the register of danger and perceived threat continued
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is. Yeah. And about how from zero to 100. What does stress level was that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was 100. Okay, yeah. Gotcha. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go back to one more time. You're doing great. These are hard to get to. All right, just give yourself permission. Close your eyes. If you can just see, you're not distracted by some of the things, but how I'm saying okay these are hard to find.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into the the cognition of if I had gotten shot my daughter would have to grow up without me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your belief about yourself when you were having that kind of thinking
Ateeq Dean: Um, I went through my dad got really sick teenagers. So it felt like I
Ateeq Dean: Didn't have my dad during that time. And it just felt like I really needed him to be there for me.
Ateeq Dean: So I just don't want to do that to my daughter or however go through
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So see if you can finish the sentence. Close your eyes are almost there be not be there. I needed my dad, my sick, just stay there. I needed my dad. My dad was sick when I need to come
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I needed down. Yeah, I am. What
Ateeq Dean: I am
Ateeq Dean: Here that I was gonna die.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared.
Ateeq Dean: THAT I WAS GONNA DIE, DIE, DIE. Yeah, and I will die. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't, did you know yeah
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do see some connection to this other stuff in history. My guess is you may find your way working through it through this particular technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because notice how you went there on your own. Just now you went from a current event you even reached that history of my dad wasn't there. That's what this activity does
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what it'll look like when we do this, em, Dr. Together, it'll. So this is kind of how it'll look, I'll say this, I'll say, Hold that. Worst Picture don't do it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't do it right now. I'm giving you an example so that you know what we're about to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the worst picture of said event, the worst image of it right you pull it out in the memory bank out of the hippocampus where once it wasn't there earlier, you're thinking about Tara before and $600 now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then so this isn't it if we were doing desensitisation, it would be that worst image that negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it'd be pretty rapid
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral stimulation. And over time, a couple of inner iterations. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Distress level should go down. I also tend to interweave positive conditions with them so that people can have that distress level go down even faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it looks like is this right after I say hold it here. I do this iteration back and forth. Then I say, inhale through the nose and exhale. And I say, what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where you go in and you catch a thought an emotion, a somatic response or write a belief and you share it quickly. It's not a long time process. And I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that I do this again. Inhale. Exhale, what's coming up for you. Oh, now I'm thinking about this, go with that. It's not talk, you and I are not going to process each time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say something. Instead, like, go with that. And then I'll do another iteration. Does that make sense, it's really different than back and forth and back and forth. This is letting your actual brain do the healing on its own is really an, an a, an amazing experience for people
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up boutique
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what I want to hear about, oh, I just, I'm right now I'm thinking about so and so I want to hear that I may decide okay go without or I might integrate some positive cognition, I'll say, now I want you to think about this and this and then we would do that aeration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Your job is to understand there's no way for you to do this wrong. There's no way. Okay.
Ateeq Dean: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't do it wrong. So you can just exhale and let go the expectation that you're going to do it wrong all the pressure is on me. Okay, you, you, all you have to do, right. The job is self acceptance and paying attention to what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just had this image. I'm going to want to hear that. So that I can see what next to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I just got a tight gut, who I feel nauseous. Again, I'm going to want to hear it. And you can eat while I'm doing the iteration. If it gets so distressing want you to know. You can do this and we can just stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally after two seconds or one just stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want more because you really like oh my gosh, I never thought about that because unconscious memory might start to come up in order to reprocess it. That's what this technique is doing, you might do this, like, oh, keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people don't do that. They're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: They're like, No, no, that's enough. Trust me. They only last between depending on on what I see. They only last about 20 to 50 seconds.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then I
Gwenevere Abriel: Breeze. And I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you and you tell me, and I say go with that. And then we look again fried.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you. You tell me. Go with that and we do it again. Okay. Okay, so first I want to install so that you're feeling grounded and good
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to spend a little bit of time installing and really immersing yourself in the positive imagery of
Gwenevere Abriel: T rex. So first, close your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: He wants you to picture that T rex dinosaur during childhood pictures of different shades of green and brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his head and what his skin was and maybe even imagining what it would be like to, to feel him and he's protective nature.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if more comes up for you around a protective figure, you're welcome to add to it. I can always take a note on it because it's right here. I can add to it as something else comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you get solid in there. I want you to then
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the nurturing quality of your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gave you unconditional love, no matter what, no matter how many times you weren't able to do something, just the way you wanted to there. She was loving you unconditionally.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's wanting your development and your growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And add to this space. Don't forget about T rex they're interacting with mom trying to figure kind of how they're interacting picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring in dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds around you. Just notice them and let them go. Okay, come back to the imagery that's the way life is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture kids wanting you to do things the right way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not having to do it the hard way he wanted that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The wisdom right that's he's a wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And mom's unconditional love and the protective quality of T rex pictures and all interacting all around you within you somehow very much immersed saturating you
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of Nod your head when you're really in that visualization
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you to open your eyes. And I'm going to kind of slow this one down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think it's slow already
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to want you to hold that imagery of those
Gwenevere Abriel: T rex Mom and Dad All together, you have them in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, left and right. Keep your head still
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to hold them in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom all
Gwenevere Abriel: As a team for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To pay attention to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: In with your gut is your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of you, your legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale. Nice. Inhale, all the way to the bottom of the launch nice belly breath. Inhale, and then exhale, it all out of your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me how you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Ateeq Dean: Doing pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Does it seem like you had a nice solid visualization of your, your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, excellent. And what does stress level are you out right now 02
Gwenevere Abriel: It went down. What number are you at now.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, well, when I started with you is pretty high. Like, and at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's it now.
Ateeq Dean: Well maybe down to 40
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So 40 is a good place to actually be working at so that we're working with something actually meaningful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can have a desensitization to it. So a take you're more than welcome without guidance to bring in that team when you want it. You can have it there all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll invite for this first iteration is the desensitization part. Okay. You can decide to pull up that worst image from from childhood that piece I needed my dad wasn't there when I needed him that image you can see it right right there that picture. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I needed him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I got to see what your what was, let's see what the negative cognition was around that. What was your belief about yourself at that time.
Ateeq Dean: Well, I looked at my dad like a superhero at the time.
Ateeq Dean: And I never thought anything could happen to my dad, but then when I saw him getting old and stuff. I didn't understand what was going on because my dad was always really sharp and really smart and
Ateeq Dean: He
Ateeq Dean: He just knew how to run things in the house. You know, we didn't really
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it right. He's my hero. He's not acting like my hero. I don't understand was that the predominant one. I'm confused. I was confused. Okay. The real I am confused. That's it. So then when I say the negative cognition, it's going to be. I am confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up for you. So hold that piece. You haven't told me even much of the imagery with that but you have it in your memory. Pull it up. The Worst Picture with him. This is a desensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: The lights going to go faster. So you're going to hold these two things at the same time picturing him the worst piece and I'm confused.
Oh, you're not looking at it. Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: On a good that does you
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of clicking. I have to do.
Ateeq Dean: Oh really. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get this screen share. Okay, here we go. I'm just playing with. Yes. Okay. There we go. Here we go. Okay, so I'm going to invite. And again, it's, it's easy to want to get out of that negative stuff isn't it so pull up that worst image to take the picture. The Worst Picture in that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale out all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently check in and see what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling confused right now.
Okay.
Ateeq Dean: I feel relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, the feeling is relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you able to hold that that image that picture. Yeah. Okay. And I'm confused now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, your body's relaxed. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything still in distress, though, is that a distressing thought, emotion or anything. Still in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you're still in I'm confused. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's do one more piece here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember back to that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad was my hero. He sick. I'm confused. What did you want to be thinking, believing about yourself not I'm confused. But the positive thought, what would have been nice if you had a positive thought about yourself back then, what would the positive thought have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to get to huh
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, it's hard to get to, because it was so traumatic like I was traumatized from what had happened at that time. So I don't know, you know,
Ateeq Dean: That I would
Ateeq Dean: It was a saying like
Ateeq Dean: I be wearing shoes. So I would take over. If something was to happen to him.
Ateeq Dean: I would have had to take over to pay the bills and stuff and
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that too cold, that one go with that pull up the worst image. I'll have to take over.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still sharing hold go with that. Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: first picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to take over.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, all the air out all in it. Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me thoughts and beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body responses and emotions, what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to edit it. I want to hear what you're thinking what's going on.
Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there is there is but you're editing because it could be anything, a tweak anything
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your truth. Just now when I checked in with you. It literally could have been. I was focused on a feeling of the fan on my neck. I still want to know. I can hear my kids little sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but what came up for you. Oh, my mind was so distracted. I'm so confused. Now, I don't even know what I'm doing. That's the truth. I take, I want to know what's coming up for you. You don't edit. I want to hear.
Ateeq Dean: It gets stuck. Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get stuck. Yeah. So when this last iteration, when we have the light going
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you feel stuck.
Ateeq Dean: After
Gwenevere Abriel: After he felt stuck. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to kind of do a little bit of containment because we're kind of near the end. So let's remember I was telling you there won't be time because we did a little tiny piece will be able to do this on nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this was kind of jammed in right near the end, just so you can get some idea of what this is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take, take, what is left stuck confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's put it in the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use the thumb and lock it up. Can you picture, putting it in there in the file cabinet closing it push up close and it's locked. You and I can pick up
Gwenevere Abriel: Concepts of feeling, you know, right, I get stuck. I'll have to take over. I'm confused. We can pick those concepts up at another time. You don't have to be putting work at analyzing them, you and I can do that together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's end today by revisiting
Gwenevere Abriel: A happy place. I want you to picture a really comfortable relaxing, or maybe for you. It's exciting inspiring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture your happy place place that you've either been to, or in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to see the team of yours join you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure the T rex is there. Your mom and to down
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathe deeply into that makes that connection between the mind right in your imagination this imagery and make it also congruent with the safety recognition deep in the bottom of your long
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice and connected. Okay. The mind is saying, I'm safe. I'm having a safe thought safe and let your body. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making them can grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the muscles of your face this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it communicates to the outside world sometimes how we're feeling internally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that can grow and see wash over your face as well the muscles of the temple.
Gwenevere Abriel: The forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: My next clients here but uh teak I really want to check in with you and see how you're doing because this was a really different. And you got kind of a little splash at it this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling
Ateeq Dean: I feel good. I felt better a lot better. Little bit better. Yeah, I am little stressed out. Still, but about to go to HR and talk to them there and see what's going on with everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you go do that you're in problem solving mode, just that stuff fits in the container. You don't have to analyze it, we can pick it up again next time we meet and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule that now because these will get booked up and I won't have anything for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If big feelings come up boutique you're welcome to reach out to me if you have nightmares to welcome to reach out. We'll schedule another time. Just don't be surprised if stuff comes out from the unconscious from what we just did today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be pretty typical
Gwenevere Abriel: Lets you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do March.
Gwenevere Abriel: For an eight.
Ateeq Dean: Oh, let me see what
Ateeq Dean: Birthday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no. Oh, happy almost birthday, and we're not doing that. Okay. He. How about march 5
Ateeq Dean: at eight o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay it more
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: March five, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 8am march 5 at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Sweet. All right, go get some information your own information gathering right that's it gathering information.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good like
Shaun w: Hey,
Sean
Shaun w: Morning. All right, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: settling in. Let me open up a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So any notice things that from this first time you did the EM Dr. Did you notice any any change in irritability any changes in your dream life any changes that you kind of notice over this last week.
Shaun w: No, not really.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's work is it's still interesting
Shaun w: That's all right. Let's say I do the same thing every day.
Shaun w: Yeah, I like, I like it.
All right, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be possible turn down the TV or radio
Shaun w: Radio
Gwenevere Abriel: bionic ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you have. Remember, you have the buds in your ears right so I can hear ambient sound. So, whatever. Anyway, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Shaun w: You're welcome. Just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's hard sometimes to hear you guys, I need to be able to hear every little bit. Um, alright, so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Did our first end. Are we did just a little bit of it last time.
Shaun w: You grab the bottles off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just in case. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what were your possible continued observations after group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe something that you noticed about
Gwenevere Abriel: Those concepts that we, you know, those one through 40 maybe let's continue kind of processing a little bit with that. What else did you notice from that activity.
Shaun w: Now just nine and 10 I put us on
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the ones that you notice you're still engaging and right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what did you think of the list overall
Shaun w: What I think of it.
Shaun w: I don't know. I don't do a lot of those things, I guess, I guess I'm more straightforward. Well, I think I just that i again i guess you
Shaun w: I guess you don't tell the whole truth, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't tell the whole truth, what, what does that mean
Shaun w: Like, like with all my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you don't tell the whole truth about your feelings so nine nine is act compliant when you don't want to. Oh, yeah. Okay, so that can show up here and treatment too. Right.
Shaun w: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be doing this stuff. I do it because I feel I have to is that the overarching thought
Shaun w: Yeah, oh man. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then 10 is I lie about how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now besides in here. Where else does that show up where you find yourself doing
Shaun w: I don't, I don't really talk to me. People slow. Yeah, I mean I just do myself. I work
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you say that comes from that baseline this trust of other. Do you think it starts there.
Shaun w: Why does. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that makes sense. So what you were saying is also
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't see that you've ever played the victim, even in active addiction. You don't think you were doing that.
Shaun w: playing the victim. No, I'm not playing the victim. I was a victim.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've never done this one.
Shaun w: Number 25 passive aggressive know
Shaun w: Letting go
Shaun w: Letting people walk all over you. No, no, no, I don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me define what passive aggressive is letting things go is the
Shaun w: Opposite of passive aggressive
Shaun w: I thought passive aggressive is when you, when someone's like, like you you shy away from things
Shaun w: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Shaun w: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to have
Shaun w: Yeah. He wants me
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just going to keep talking out to deal. Yep.
Shaun w: He now he ran off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gave up on you.
Shaun w: hear some noise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is a pretty good one to know
Shaun w: You let things go
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm going to give you an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you, you can still see me right on the
Shaun w: Screen. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's back. I don't get needs yet.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so passive aggressive. So notice the word aggressive
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still a hostile behavior, right, but it isn't punching kicking it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Overtly name calling. So watch. It's passive so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not direct communication. So here's how it might show up. I'm going to give you some examples that you might say, Oh my gosh, I do this or oh my gosh, my friend, does this or someone at work or maybe someone else, you know, so watch
Gwenevere Abriel: Last night I purposely brought the car gas tank down to less than zero so that my husband would be stuck really inconvenienced even though I know he had a meeting in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he had to go fill up his tunic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, he felt it. That was passive aggressive wasn't. I still hostile, but I didn't say I'm angry with you. I didn't say I'm going to retaliate against you.
Shaun w: But guess what, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: All about it. Okay, so these are made up, but you get, you're going to get them to keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that my son likes to have his particular workout stuff cleaned and I deliberately left it out and didn't wash it so that he would get the point of appreciating
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm doing and he didn't have it available to him. I was angry. I didn't tell him I was right. I still hostile wasn't I
Shaun w: Guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got my
Shaun w: It's all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's awful. The recipient of it feels this burn. It's so awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we do it in some ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do it with our face. Look at this, look at this face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, no, I'm fine. No, it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's my face saying, I'm fine. It's good. No, it can be that subtle okay so passive aggressive, you may start to notice it in other people and some people do it through sarcasm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit back and forth and back and forth.
Shaun w: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're cutting down each other. Oh, and I'm just kidding. We might say you can't hold me accountable. Why you so parents live so sensitive. I was only joking when
Shaun w: You get that a lot. I get that a lot. I go, Why did up, man. I was only joking. Yeah. You weren't you'll keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so someone has done it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun w: Yeah, but I don't do that. Don't do that to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you find yourself really taking the road of just being direct
Shaun w: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everyone takes that road time
Shaun w: Well, a lot of people don't like me because of that because I'm super straightforward.
Shaun w: I don't like something I'll tell them I he, I don't like that. Don't do that or that you know
Shaun w: beat around the bush. I'll let them know. Don't do that.
Shaun w: If I don't like something I'll let them know
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you are what you say you are. You say, I'm this then you present that way. There's a lot of congruence so people know when they meet you. He's going to say what he means.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's some predictability in that
Gwenevere Abriel: Just and you're saying, sometimes people don't like it, who has said they don't like it. So,
Shaun w: Just, just people like me because I'm straightforward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but who has said they don't like you for that.
Shaun w: Was in prison people told me that that this is what my problem is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, they say they label it a problem they label it a problem with you or that
Shaun w: Yeah, with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Shaun w: But with personal relationships. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no, like, here's one. This one you don't do this one ever do.
Shaun w: People pleasing. I guess everybody does that a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, wait, wait. So now the guys in the president, right, because that was the example you brought up.
You can pick another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are being straightforward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of like, Dang, man, you really say what's on your mind right
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you people pleasing with those friends or acquaintances.
Shaun w: I guess that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting. So one of the thing. I don't know if you've heard me say in in group that we develop these
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we develop them before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction we develop them basically as an adaptation to environment that may not
Gwenevere Abriel: Have sort of this free flowing resource available to us so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was everyone in your environment coming up as direct as you were
Shaun w: Yeah. Probably my moms like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: And as I recall, there was not a lot of affection, either.
Shaun w: Well, it was. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever get the sense that she really knew you understood you and on an empathetic way like really understood your
Emotion.
Shaun w: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I wonder, you know, remember, way, way, way back, you hit brought up. Oh, I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember you are labeled some stuff.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And psychologist and they like to use those personality disorders, a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: But you mentioned. Oh, it says that I don't care about people remember that one that lacks empathy piece of
Gwenevere Abriel: Personality or borderline. They all
Gwenevere Abriel: On attribute that that particular
Shaun w: Feature
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lack of empathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't sound like that model for you coming up.
Shaun w: No.
Shaun w: Model version.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh modeling, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't maybe in your environment, your caregiver.
Shaun w: At all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just dip into some if I lose you just say, what does that mean, what does that mean, what does that mean, okay, because I'm going to dip into
Education.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: months old zero okay we we have no distinction when I'm an infant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't distinguish I've just got this little brain. I can't distinguish between me and the baby and you as my caregiver, we're all one. I can't. There's no object differentiation. So when you don't look at me and
Gwenevere Abriel: COO make sounds and are there for me.
I'm in distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can have a stress, even as a tiny little baby. And then I get older and I made one and two and three and four and five and that continues and my caregiver out here isn't mirroring
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Manage My emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I come up with my own way of coping with an environment that didn't model.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: I was or
Gwenevere Abriel: The lack of empathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I absorbed my model of how to interact with the world. It's not safe. So it's possible that may have absorbed that very, very, very early on.
Shaun w: And there
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a longing for it. Like there's, it's like, like maybe like going on a planet where people look like they're getting along fine. Everybody loves each other, but you're like what is that
Gwenevere Abriel: All about what
Shaun w: I've done is can understand that, like people yeah I care so much they act like they care so much but i think that's that's people people pleasing because is it something that I think they got to be lying. How can a person care that much about somebody they don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So that right there. That thing that's a skill that I don't think you had modeled
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about in the skill of sort of empathy and I was inviting you during group. I didn't follow up with you to see if you have done it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't learned I think last week to spend time just picture what this person might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at the other heads down. Oh, they just cross their arms or they don't, they're distracted or whatever, you know, just sort of imagining
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder how they're feeling and come back itself. Of course, we don't want to stay outside for long, but just to start to practice that a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are you, have you ever seen the ones that have us really strong capacity for
Gwenevere Abriel: Empathy forgiveness. I
Shaun w: Think they're lying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun w: Yeah, now
Gwenevere Abriel: They have an over adaptive empathetic skill.
Shaun w: That means that
Shaun w: So they're modeling. They're modeling. He was over there. People probably overdid it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't quite black and white like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I see where you're going with it but but hold on to this little piece just for you though. Don't worry about other folks but just know that
Gwenevere Abriel: Our people were it's an adaptation, you had to adapt to your environment, you have an emotionally unavailable caregiver you then become emotionally unavailable to other
Gwenevere Abriel: You had an emotionally unavailable caregiver, you become emotionally unavailable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to that if this hypothesis is true. I don't know. We'll keep talking right if it is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a skill. See, that's the problem. I have a personality, the labels that that psychiatrists and psychologists give
Shaun w: Yeah, I'd be doing
Shaun w: Right on that I read on that cell phones like what yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I think people can change. And maybe that's Pollyanna ish and naive.
Shaun w: I go blow my nose.
Shaun w: I'm listening to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of calls going out, people have been really wiped out.
Shaun w: I feel like like dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Sean if we say this, if we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a missed learning opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it's exciting because it means I can learn the skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: You to write can not look around and say they're full of shit, they're a bunch of liars. They're phonies, there's no way you could love that deeply. How can you trust people that
Gwenevere Abriel: You too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can have it right and trust it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, because the flip side is what
Gwenevere Abriel: Broken Hearted
Gwenevere Abriel: The flip side is broken hearted the opposite right of that love
Gwenevere Abriel: Is fear and yes it is scary. But when you think about the quality and value of your life, maybe just take it on with your children. We will just go there. We won't go to friendships and romantic stuff for a second that might be just way ahead down the line, but just hold it for your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: This kind of intimacy that can be possible with your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means risking with them. A heartache of loss that comes with deeply loving and it's terrifying. I can tell you it is scary to love deeply and and just trust blindly that they're gonna love you back. It's terrifying and it could be
Gwenevere Abriel: The most important thing you will do in your life.
Shaun w: Well that's why i don't i don't have religion. I don't want a relationship. I don't want, I don't want a girlfriend writing because
Shaun w: Once they lie to me once, I'll never trust them again and I mean I can't, I can't have a relationship. So I just see we
Gwenevere Abriel: That's but but let's just say my hypothesis is true, your
Gwenevere Abriel: That thing I did with the object relations did that part. Makes sense that you may have absorbed. This
Shaun w: This sense of like, okay, yeah. My mom, my mom's mean she's is she doing, she's mean really. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so in order in that environment as well as a tiny little person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you were a little four or five, three to all those tiny little ages.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body and mind want to keep you alive. They want you to survive and you will come up with an adaptation that will keep you protected psychically so you don't collapse into depression. Do you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: You did, you did the best you could what you ended up probably doing was formulating a sense of identity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I cannot trust the world, it will betray me, it will hurt me. It's unavailable to me. I cannot trust it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did that as an adaptation. But that was a child's solution, Sean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All I'm introducing even if you let me just a little bit. Don't you don't have to say, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll do it. Just, just let me and just a crack, which is what if
Gwenevere Abriel: We add another skill and that one's still available to you can still go okay, this guy's a jerk. I can't trust him, you still hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you add is this person watch shows up on time says what he means right has credibility, time after time after time after time doesn't cross boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I will let him her in a little watch when they're in my circle of trust. Right, I'll let them in a little then there's room for they get to be human and make a mistake.
Shaun w: And where you're crazy that, you know, because that's crazy. You know me like that because that's weird because
Shaun w: I'll start tripping if they make a mistake.
Shaun w: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's because you don't have this yet, you don't have this tolerance for people making mistakes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'm saying is, that's where we are today what I'm proposing is over time. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be able to let people in a little. See if you can handle it. Because the deal is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're human. We won't mean just because I do let you down. Doesn't mean my intention was to betray you and hurt you. It's just because I am flawed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will double specifically me because we only have us here. I'll accidentally double booked someone I will screw up. I will show up late doesn't happen very often. But it can happen, or I I have been hospitalized. I may not show up. Okay, I
Shaun w: You know, it's funny. You know, it's funny, it's like okay I can make a mistake when no one else can
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, I get it. But that's because you don't have this this window of tolerance is like anybody for you. There's no room for
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm, what I'm proposing is that over time as your, your confidence is I'm still lovable. I'm okay. I'm working on this sense of identity. I didn't have a good modeling figure. When I was younger, I'm working on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to sit with this discomfort of being WITH someone who let me down and maybe it'll starting here with with you and I, because it's a safe place in here because my role here is to contain all that goes on. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you start, let's say you can tolerate someone making a mistake this much that's progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: still stay in the relationship, your value is not determined by my letting you down to understand. You're still valuable, you're still important even look a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit more.
Gwenevere Abriel: That takes time. You didn't get that when you were younger, you need it. That
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not too late. That's what therapy can do
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to because what it could open up and just think about your kids because your kids are gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god.
Shaun w: You should see my daughter, man. She calls me talking trash or like she gets her on her friends and then she'll call me and she just wants to talk shit to me. I'm like, although the DJ, you better quit calling me a line and talk like though, and as your, your calls from where I told her.
Shaun w: Oh yeah, but then she called me the ability, I think, to 100 books he's already dead to get some money and although. Yeah, so it's under 100 bucks that's using so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you want that cold stuff that your mom did, or do you want to have an interest to see if there's another way to connect with your family. Yeah, yeah.
Shaun w: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Shaun w: I just don't want them treating me like that, you know, I mean, because he's my daughter's a trip. My son's school but my daughter like trips
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job doesn't change on
Gwenevere Abriel: It will feel threatening.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if this way. She's treating you watch. I did it with me. Let's come back to me and we'll parallel it to your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Show up late. You may feel like I have betrayed you and insulted you, and
Shaun w: I hate being people being late. He always show up early.
Gwenevere Abriel: And disrespected you. That's how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you can. And this is where the the work and the skills come in. You remember. Oh wait, no, this is my work is to sit with the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: She may have something going on. I'm going to hang on to myself long enough, not dismiss her and cut her off because she's an unsafe person. I'm going to hold on to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five more minutes 10 minutes I can do it. Oh, I noticed I'm getting angry. Nope, I can do it. I can do it. And then I show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you say, Oh my gosh, I was getting so pissed off I were you, disrespecting me what was going on. And I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, boy, I am sorry about that, you know, at the end of a session. Sometimes I've activated people so much. It just, I don't want them to stay so upset right at the end. And so we do some of that containing
Gwenevere Abriel: Or there's something maybe someone's suicidal and I make the decision to stay there and care for them.
Shaun w: And I am a
Shaun w: You know the other day at work I'll to those seats reason every other day at work. I work with this guy we build these machines together. He sits on the other side of the table, we do it together.
Shaun w: And he was acting all CRAZY slamming stuff. And I said, a matter. You're right. These are your a
Shaun w: Lot to work with.
Shaun w: And I was all you know we go on my break, I said.
Shaun w: I'll handle it right now, break and then it was like break was like in 10 minutes and then when I said that he started. He started acting right I started talking to me and then I'll ever since that happened now he's cool. Ever since like
Shaun w: Like I guess he saw that I wasn't scared or something, I don't know, because he's always will have a data warehouse right now I break to what the ditch right now and what will handle this. And then there was anything now he's cool man like
Shaun w: School. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want me to say to that.
Shaun w: I'm just telling you that's what I'm just telling you the situation.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know, I got a little sketchy. So I didn't hear all of the story.
Shaun w: I wonder why my headsets are not connecting now they're like they cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, someone did just tell me the wind knocked down my internet again. I feel terrible. I'm so I wonder if you guys are having a lot of wind
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys having a lot of wind
Shaun w: Possibly
Shaun w: We were then
Shaun w: Yeah, me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear you.
Shaun w: You know it's it's back on. Yeah, I will know this guy. He told me he said he's a also a member, you're writing these are your rate and then he's all because if you're not array we go handle it afterward. Yes, the break was
Gwenevere Abriel: WHAT WAS BEFORE THAT YOU ALL RIGHT WHERE DO WHAT provokes that
Shaun w: Question, because you know he started slamming things on the camera. I didn't know why he was mad like he started slamming things on the
Shaun w: On the counter. So I said, hey man, or you're right. Like, like, why are you tripping. You know I'm saying, and then he's already. All right. And also, and he's all because we're not waiting on how to listen after work, and I said, you know, we will have to write down 10 minutes break. Okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you trying to see if he was
Shaun w: Angry go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Wait, originally
Gwenevere Abriel: The very first inquiry. Hey, man. Are you all right, was it a I care about this other human being angry.
Shaun w: No, it was like you have a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: His slamming stuff.
Shaun w: Yeah, so, so you know why he was acting like that. I know why he was doing
Gwenevere Abriel: The way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You presupposed. It was about you. Well, why would you go there. Do you think
Shaun w: Because, because we're working on missions together. It's if we do it as a team, you know, I mean, he started like shiny stuff today. He's the one that he's been at that station for a year and I mean I just got there.
Shaun w: Okay, so I didn't know what his problem was. And then when he said he right away. He got like he wanted to fight. And then when I said, all right, yeah 100 right now. Then he changed up and then he started being corner since then he's been real cool
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want my feedback on this exchange.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's going to be nothing like the way you think.
Shaun w: Yeah.
Shaun w: You sure. Yeah, tell me what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's some prison logic in there that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. The real world doesn't work like that.
Shaun w: Yeah, well, you know, I tell you.
Shaun w: Learn this guy, this guy tells me
Shaun w: He calls me a punk ass. And I said, April. What's your mouth. I said,
Shaun w: Don't talk to me like that as well. BRO, HE'S ALL YOU'RE NOT IN PRISON AND WORK AS I don't care where I'm at. So you don't talk to your friends like that. You can call me a punk ass.
Shaun w: Because in prison, we would have to fight immediately if you say that word, and then he
Shaun w: He chilled out but I told me you don't talk to your friends like that. You call me up podcast I was already like he was joking. And then he's all you're not a prisoner more as I don't care where I'm at, you don't you don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we would need to date. First of all, let me just say you handle my feedback. Very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you kept it real.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying, I'm trying to do the same thing with you right. Just be very frank
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but this concept of friend, I wonder, I wonder if he really is a friend.
Shaun w: No he's not, he's an acquaintance, but I just, you know what I mean we're we're building a friendship beyond the like it's a big old fat anyway, I just bugs me.
Shaun w: I work with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that. So let's take out this scenario, let's just do a little bit of read your ability to register boundaries and what would be a reasonable friend, you're assessing whether this could have been a friend. What was he doing
Gwenevere Abriel: That was kind of like annoying already
Shaun w: Oh, he's running his mouth. Yeah.
Shaun w: Yeah, he's real disrespectful about people. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you got some about other people. Why then you may god
Shaun w: Yeah yeah to
Gwenevere Abriel: Good check. Hey, that's smart. So he's kind of off the list. So he's not someone you know you wouldn't want to tell a secret to, you're not going to do under the underbelly big fear. This is my childhood.
Shaun w: When you get you with that fool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not even gonna hang out with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is he the one you're working right next to
Shaun w: No, no, he just when might when the guy I work with called in. He comes and works for him.
Shaun w: Okay, they put him in his place.
Shaun w: The guy's been working with Paul's in a lot lately and I told him, I said, hey, you're gonna lose your job, but you keep calling in a lot. You're going to end up losing here and he's
Shaun w: He's like the lead. He makes a lot of money and I i told me I was telling me yesterday. Now we're cool. We've been talking about. Ever since that up and I said hey man, you need to stop calling in so much because you're going to get fired.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you gave them that advice.
Shaun w: Because it seems pretty cool. And then I told him a big they said mandatory overtime for for those workers and I told him. Maybe he don't want to do it. Yes, the science on paper. I said, We'll ask him if I can come in for you.
Shaun w: I want the overtime. You don't think I told you all come into work for you is so he's gonna ask him to do if I come to work for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the first part. The second one was self serving that was for you. But the first part around, make sure you show up on time. Don't lose this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now, was there any hidden agenda with that one, or did you actually care about this person under the category of he's cool and
Shaun w: I don't know. I think he's a youngster, and I'm trying to talk to him because he's only like 27 so I'm trying to talk to me like a man you know i mean you're messing up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Shaun w: So you guys are methodology.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you can find that that empathetic moment when you see yourself in that youngster right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's empathy, you go outside, you go outside of her was serving me for a moment, you feel, what would it be like
Gwenevere Abriel: To be thinking you know it all already got it all figured out. When you're 23 sure as heck, don't you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in for a rough awakening. Right. You go out there for a second. But you don't stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what you think. Right. These pushovers and these do gooders, these empathetic PEOPLE YOU THINK THEY STAY OUT HERE TOO LONG. Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: That can't be real. They care cara, cara, cara, cara only about others. The trick is, you're right. People can do too much of that. And then the encouragement and therapy might be to come back to the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: You move back and forth. You go out. You say, Oh, man. That'd be this poor guy using for a rough time here.
So reality check.
Shaun w: One time, my wife was all she's all she was getting drunk drinking. She's all
Shaun w: She's all. What did you do when you were 21 I said I was fighting for my life facing the death penalty. So that's what I was doing. I wasn't out partying and drinking and
Shaun w: You know, I mean, that's all she wanted to do is drink all the time. I don't drink alcohol. I don't really care for you don't like it, and I remember she told me that. And I was like, when I was when
Shaun w: I wasn't doing that at 21 I was fighting for my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Story is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's intense
Shaun w: Yeah, you can read about. There's a book on it, do that. There's a they wrote a book on it. The my private investigator wrote a book on it. He was a call for 30 years now. He's one of my good friends now.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a good friend.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a good friend here this brand new actually call and talk to
Shaun w: No, I don't want to talk to nobody. But he's a good friend, or if I wanted to call and talk to my affect us need to our books.
Shaun w: We bet on the bronco game, neither he lost
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We went to a lot of different places in this discussion.
Shaun w: My mind was my mind wanders
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me bring it back a little bit. Let's tether it to using the broken record which is repeating things. I know it's kind of boring, but it does sink in. When we repeat things
Shaun w: Repeat a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's good because then we can remember. But so let's uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use that technique now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did with the friend at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you did with your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for a second.
Shaun w: I want you to hold on every time somebody calls my my headphones cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody's does that we just gotta hit that mute button again.
Shaun w: You don't even know who these people are.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's a way to put it on on unavailable or something before a session. You know what I mean. So that people don't books.
Shaun w: All there's a way to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I haven't tested it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, like, Do Not Disturb maybe mode. I think I haven't tested it. I do. I do it at night, so I don't get woken up. Alright, so let's come back. Can you hear me okay we back online because you're frozen right now.
Shaun w: Oh, did I freeze. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, of your audios back. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears are so bad today.
Shaun w: Are there that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're frozen, I hear you fine. Waiting for video to come back on you may decide to actually if you want to, you could turn video off your bandwidth for audio will be even better.
Shaun w: No, it's not that people are calling. Yeah, I didn't know that. I don't know who they are, their PCP know
Gwenevere Abriel: So real quick, let's see, I've got I'm going to draw a line down my page. I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're thinking, you can find this. This is not an easy thing to do. So you're real challenged
Gwenevere Abriel: You can figure out what your belief about yourself was when you're interacting with
Gwenevere Abriel: What the heck was working next to what was his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: You swam and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Chris, what's your belief about yourself when you saw Chris slamming stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then on the next screen so visualize like okay here's Chris. Here's my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can capture what's in common with those two scenes. Here's Chris doing his slam slam slam we work together. What do I believe about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Behaving whatever that was. Do you see if you can find what's in common.
Shaun w: Yeah, they're both acting up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it, they're acting up so watch
Gwenevere Abriel: Now come back to you. You see that's the perceived threat. I know you don't register this threat, but just go with it, go with this for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: acting up
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I believe about myself when I'm in the proximity of someone acting up. What's the belief about myself.
Shaun w: See if we can slap them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. That's what, that's your solution, by the way.
Shaun w: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's not the same thing as a belief or almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: My solution is I'm going to slap them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the operating belief about myself and I'll know it with I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I can find the belief about myself by finishing that sentence picture if you can just for a moment. See if you can do it picture him slamming stuff. Oh, I want to slap them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the belief about yourself in that moment when you see this going on.
Do you know
Shaun w: My belief about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish the sentence, I am you'll get there with that completed sentence I am
Shaun w: Tired this full slamming store.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he doesn't quit, then I am
Shaun w: Not his teeth out
Shaun w: Come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's still a solution slap not t is still a solution.
Shaun w: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Shaun w: Tired of this fall flat, Mr Obama Delia.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he doesn't stop. Then I will be
Shaun w: Forced to check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can, you'll be able to win this word game, but I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Be pressing for so there's there's some resistance not resistance, but it's a hard actually thing to get to is the concept. It is running.
Gwenevere Abriel: That solution that is running your perception about the threat response to someone slamming something to a daughter acting up we got to find it. We got to get that that core belief about the self. It takes a while to get to. It's not an easy thing we tried it a couple times just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're hard to get to, but they're running the show. Wouldn't it be nice to know what's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the puppeteer here.
Shaun w: Master of Puppets
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's running.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can't get to that which I won't take, we can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have a sense of control really understanding. Oh, I know what's up with me right now there is now time and distance between this full and his slamming stuff and my ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To be okay with it.
Shaun w: Yeah, just let it go. I say, I can't let it go. That's, that's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because there's no. See, this is what I do. As an example, there's time and space you have none.
Shaun w: You have
Gwenevere Abriel: Any less response stimulus response stimulus response, over time, you will have member, little bit of time and space and there is choice agency and power inside there and it'll get wider and wider and wider.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it takes practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's the, that's the journey that we're on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When the behavior doesn't land you back in jail doesn't catch police attention. Nothing we keep job right that
Gwenevere Abriel: That space of where all I can. I can know, think for a second. Oh yeah, they ain't worth it. This was not worth it. He's gonna stay an idiot. And I'm going to be in jail. No, that's not how it's going down today.
Shaun w: Right, because he's, you know, and then I almost it almost happened that's, that's the thing. He's the one that
Shaun w: That back down and started talking to me because if he wouldn't have did that we were going to go on to it. You know, I mean, and at the same. I thought, Man, I should have more controller than than that because right away. I didn't even think about. I just thought about
Shaun w: kicking his ass, you know, I mean, I didn't even think about like stopping
Shaun w: I just kept going, you know what, man. I'm really gonna fuck this dude up and I mean is it
Shaun w: I don't know what the problem is.
Gwenevere Abriel: This I have to kick his ass is
Gwenevere Abriel: It is because you didn't have to. There's, there's a set of rules that you know you better learn because your life is at stake, so
Shaun w: There's killers in there, you get a fight your fight for your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so those rules, you're still applying out here in the community. And I'm assuming freedom is truly what you really want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There's steak. And so I'm on that side. I'm on the side of let's get those skills in place, one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the breathing. I know it seems really wild, but when you do that vago break and you do that. That's when you do the box breathing when you do that when you see some cool or some daughter acting out
Gwenevere Abriel: Really is your freedom, more important or is kicking their ass and punishing them more important, no more freedom is the most important thing. And I'm telling you that breath will give you T i m e
Gwenevere Abriel: You will have time to go.
Shaun w: What am I didn't, you know, who cares about this do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, but you need time and I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain. If you have any kind of ADHD history or trauma or anything like that. There's no time it's pushed so
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to get the breath, then guess what blood gets to all of the parts of the brain, it gets to the prefrontal cortex you get to remember what was that things that
Gwenevere Abriel: You told me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not wearing red state. Yeah. Breathe absolutely gotta remember that one, but it'll give you time to remember. Other things like, oh, this is his problem, not mine. I work it out. I'm Sam, do you can work it out.
Shaun w: That's why do Tommy do because I guess people were calling him telling them that I'm crazy trying to get me violated and I was all
Shaun w: He's I've never had so many people calling me about you and I was like, What does. I don't even talk to nobody. Easy. He pulled me over. I was walking on the streets are there. My appeal rolled up on me.
Shaun w: And he started telling me something he told me some girl called acting like my cousin, trying to get my address and phone number. And I was like, You didn't give it your writings all know
Shaun w: Like, I don't know what brought that up, but it might feel it. It's just like tripping out. People are trying to give you violated or don't even know who they are.
Shaun w: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to catch more attention.
Shaun w: Yeah, Stephen myself. I don't even talk to somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: I got scared just now, because that could have gone down badly. He could have accidentally hit his head. If you punched him slapped him, and it could have gone
Shaun w: And I was, I got really mad, where I want to get everything I knew I
Shaun w: Wanted to do. And then when you started talking to me I calm down and and I was like I was like it was the problem and why were you get mad. He's all I thought you're coming at me some type of girls or boys.
Shaun w: Coming at you know tag were just asked you what your bond was why, why are you getting mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But shine.
Shaun w: I know why he was getting mad, though I know why because
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Shaun w: Know, because what we do every time we're doing the bolts were racing or seen it is like for some reason. It's a competition, who's faster.
Shaun w: I kept beating and beating them and medium and he could be me. And then all of a sudden he started slamming stuff you know i mean he's been doing it for a year and I just started a couple days doing that thing and
Shaun w: I was beating him yeah i mean i think he started. That's why he's getting mad because everybody does like a race. Yeah, I mean, like, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an interesting because if it's a monotonous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Job, at least you got competition. So we're going to talk about that next time that Derek, that is a positive thing. But at the same time, it might be time to do a different game in a sense.
Shaun w: When
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're not winning if you're back in jail. So we got to keep
Shaun w: Playing with
Gwenevere Abriel: Different games to play. It's not just competition. There's other games to play so
Gwenevere Abriel: You did really well you worked very hard. You, you listen to me and I was right, bringing up very different concepts and you I think you gave me just a little you let me in a little bit, right, listening to these different things.
Shaun w: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, and we're still good for next week at nine.
Shaun w: Yeah. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your big trick is going to be and I kid you not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharpie this what, who cares what people think breeze.
Shaun w: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: But someone gives you shit about it. Can you say I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying not to pop off on any one, I need to keep it together. I need to breathe. Why is that embarrassing. I don't think that's embarrassing. Dude, your life is your freedoms breeze tattoo. And if you have to
Shaun w: My little boy, I got a full sure again it just like that you that my whole body's full
Gwenevere Abriel: You get my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: That that breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of a sudden there's blood in the rest of our brain that science that's just not the psychobabble the science working for you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to have all of the parts of your brain working and you will remember, the next thing which is this full is not worth it. Nobody is worth my freedom being lost. Cut it out. I mean, maybe right saving your daughter's something, but you get me.
Shaun w: Right and call right now. Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
Alright.
Shaun w: Have a good one. Be safe.